I uploaded mawid_app.zip. It contains a complete, working app called Mawid (موعد):
a FastAPI + SQLite backend with an Arabic RTL mobile web front end in static/index.html.
The code is already written and tested. Your job is to set it up and run it, NOT to rewrite it.

SETUP
1. Unzip mawid_app.zip and move everything from the mawid_backend/ folder to the project root
   (main.py, engine.py, detect.py, service.py, assistant.py, security.py, db.py, provider.py,
   requirements.txt, README.md, tests/, static/).
2. Install dependencies: pip install -r requirements.txt
3. Set the run command (in .replit) to:
   uvicorn main:app --host 0.0.0.0 --port 8000
   and make sure port 8000 is exposed as the web preview.
4. Secrets are already in Replit Secrets: HMAC_KEY, SIGNING_SECRET, ANTHROPIC_API_KEY.
   Read them only from environment variables. Never write secret values into code or files.
5. Run: pytest -q
   All 7 tests must pass. If one fails, fix the setup problem (paths, imports, missing package),
   not the test and not the expected numbers.

VERIFY (open the preview and check each step)
1. First screen: "اربط حسابك مرة وحدة". Pick a bank, approve, and 4 plans are found.
   Confirm all 4, then go to the dashboard.
2. Dashboard shows: salary 8,700; obligations 4,100; can spend 180 (of 600, spent 420);
   a warning that Tamara (600) is due before salary; good news that Tabby ends this month.
3. مخطط الشراء with price 3000: 4 payments shows short by 570 this month and
   "يصير مناسب الشهر الجاي". Save first shows "بعد 3 شهور".
4. المساعد: the suggested questions get answers, and each answer shows "engine: ..." tools.
   Also test a free-form question like "وش أكثر شي أصرف عليه؟". GET /api/health should show "llm": true.
5. قائمة الأمنيات: add the phone (4 payments), press "انتقل للشهر الجاي",
   and 3 notifications appear (salary, Tabby ended, phone is now affordable).
6. Test on a phone-sized screen (390px wide): bottom tab bar visible, no horizontal scrolling.

RULES
- Do not change engine.py math or the demo data in provider.py.
  The pitch depends on these exact numbers.
- Do not replace API calls with mock or hardcoded data in the front end.
- Keep the UI Arabic, right-to-left, with the existing purple/teal design.
- Do not add paid subscription plans, Clerk, or any login provider.
- Do not add localStorage for app data. Only the session token is stored.
- If something doesn't work, show me the error and the fix before making big changes.

When done, give me the public URL and a short list of anything you had to change.